so when you open the app for the first
time you see a list of lessons in
whatever language you happen to be in
you can change the language on the
settings page you can do a variety of
other things here to you can choose
whether or not flashcards should be
removed after you get them correct twice
in a row or increase the status you can
shuffle your cards is these are similar
controls to on the site determine what
what goes in the front or back of the
flashcard I Anna stay in Japanese and
I'll choose this lesson Shawn change as
well you can read the text so you can
any yellow word that you see there you
can top on with your finger and a pop-up
will open up showing the word the hint
and the phrase for that term the term
the hint phrase tap on any word as you
go down the text so you can listen and
read when you have an internet
connection if you don't have a
connection the audio is streamed so you
won't be able to hear the audio if you
are not either connected through Wi-Fi
or your 3G connection however you will
be able to read the text and you will be
able to look at the your hints and
phrases even if you're offline as well
you can click on cards to review the
flashcards for this lesson and do you
can flip the cards and choose oops and
got it and change the status however you
like as you can see flip it flip it back
and forth show the hint or phrase by
swiping up and down you can do any
number of things you can flip through
the cards if you swipe up swipe down
sorry the phrase shows swipe up it
should disappear yeah there you go with
it i'm using a simulator here so it's
not identical to using a real iphone but
gives you the idea in addition to the
lesson and the flashcards for the
lessons you can also review your daily
links for the last five days and they
work the same way as the flashcards for
the lesson you review that you're dating
makes lists on your app and there again
if you have opened your daily links list
on the app while connected once you and
lose your connection you can continue to
review those terms away from an internet
connection of the next time you connect
all your statistics and status changes
will be in the edited hints and phrases
will be updated to the site and that's
the new I link app